replace the azure link in the readme (#478)
rust-lang/git2-rs: README.md

## Rust version requirements

git2-rs works with stable Rust, and typically works with the most recent prior

> stable release as well. Check [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/rust-lang/git2-rs/actions) to see the oldest

Reviewer: Thanks!  I think the intent here is to point to the source file so that one can see the `MSRV` value, which can't be quickly discerned from the Actions page.  Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
stable release as well. Check the MSRV job of [the CI script](.github/workflows/main.yml) to see the oldest
```

Author: @ehuss that makes totally sense! Thank you for your help, I've applied the suggestion 👍
